The Little Gingerbread Man 
Once upon a time there was an old woman who loved baking gingerbread. She would bake gingerbread cookies, cakes, houses and gingerbread people, all decorated with chocolate and peppermint, caramel candies and colored frosting.
She lived with her husband on a farm at the edge of town. The sweet spicy smell of gingerbread brought children skipping and running to see what would be offered that day.
Unfortunately the children gobbled up the treats so fast that the old woman had a hard time keeping her supply of flour and spices to continue making the batches of gingerbread. Sometimes she suspected little hands of having reached through her kitchen window because gingerbread pieces and cookies would disappear. One time a whole gingerbread house vanished mysteriously. She told her husband, "Those naughty children are at it again. They don't understand all they have to do is knock on the door and I'll give them my gingerbread treats."
Far below the ocean waves, a gnarble lay in bed,

The Journey of the Noble Gnarble 
All night long his gnarble dreams kept swimming in his head. He dreamt a dream of swimming
    up to see the sky above,
Lit up by the sun in colors
    he just knew he'd love.
   But gnarbles never swam that high, their fins were much too small,
Their tails were thin and floppy, which didn't help at all.
This gnarble liked his fins and had no problem with his tail,
So when he woke he knew that he just couldn't, wouldn't fail.
"I'm swimming up above the waves to see the sky of blue;
I've never seen it even once, and now it's time I do." But the other gnarbles warned him that he shouldn't swim so high,
As did the blyfish family that always swam close by.
"No gnarble's ever swam that high, it simply isn't done,
A blyfish might just make the trip, but we know you're not one."

Invisible Alligators 
A young monkey named Sari woke up one morning and knew there was trouble. She hopped out of bed and found that the bridge on her favorite castle
had been broken in the night, and it took her forever to fix it. Then she found her stairs covered in toys.
She tripped on one and had to pick them all up. THEN she couldn't ride her llama to school because the whole herd was running loose.
It took her six tries to get them onto a pointy rock so they would calm down
and quit trying to eat her homework. She was so late that she missed almost all of her favorite class, Algebra II.
And her homework was covered in bites and hoof prints. That night she stayed awake long after bedtime.
Long enough to hear the rustling of long tails under her bed. She flipped her bed over and found invisible alligators all over her room.
"What's going on here?" she demanded.

The Brave Monkey Pirate  
Also, if you stay very still for the doctor you can have some ice cream." and sneaked past creatures so terrible
that they will not be described in this book, Inside, he found a great crab wizard on a crab wizard throne. The crab wizard spoke these words,
"Monkey Pirate, because you have braved many obstacles to get here I will
give you this rock. When you get a shot, you must squeeze the rock very
tightly, and count to three. You will be magically taken into the future
where the shot will be finished. Also, you can have some ice cream after."
Modi closed his eyes very tightly,
squeezed the rock as hard as he could,
and counted 1, 2,

Wolstencroft The Bear
not far away there was a beautiful, big teddy bear who sat on a shelf in a drug store waiting for someone to buy him and give him a home. 
     His name was Wolstencroft. And he was no ordinary bear. 
     His fur was a lovely shade of light grey, and he had honey colored ears, nose and feet. His eyes were warm and kind and he had a wonderfully wise look on his face. 
     Wolstencroft looked very smart in a brown plaid waistcoat with a gold satin bow tie at his neck. 
     Attached to the tie was a tag with his name written in bold, black letters: Wolstencroft. 
He had arrived in the store just before Christmas when there had been a lovely big tree in the window, all decorated with fairy lights. Yards and yards of sparkling tinsel had been draped over everything, and holiday 

the zoo animals
This is an elephant. They are very big animals and have a long memory, and a very long nose called a trunk. They make a trumpet sound 
This is the lion. It is the king of the jungle and goes ROAR! 
This is a monkey. They spend a lot of time up in trees and like to eat fruits. This one has a banana. They go eee....eee...eee... 
This is the kangaroo from Australia. It bounces and bounces anywhere it wants to go. 
This is the giraffe. It has a very long neck to reach the tender leaves up high on a tree. They are very tall and very quiet animals. 
This is the tiger. It is a big cat that hunts in the jungle. Be careful not to run into one of these big cats in the jungle!. It goes GRRRRRR.......

The halloween house
Now Suzie's moved in--she's only 4--along with her brother, her father and mother, and little Picador. He's their dog. Well, maybe half a dog. He's a Chihuahua, as small as they come.
Suzie's room is in the attic. It's no fun. With a high ceiling, cold and gloomy, and shadows that run halfway up the walls. Suzie hides under the blanket. Picador too. Come on, he's no guard dog.
Suzie's mom bought her a bear. A teddy bear named Teddy. He's big and fluffy and Suzie adores him. "I love you so much" she says. Then she wraps her arms around him, snuggling like a cat ready to purr while Picador buries himself in all that fur.  attic may be scary, but Teddy's not. Around his neck he wears a blue scarf with red polka dots. On his back paws are black tennis shoes


Mr. Coyote Meets Mr. Snail
The tree opened up so that Mr. Coyote could go inside to rest, then it closed to keep him safe. Mr. Coyote slept for hours. When he woke up he could not remember what he had said to make the tree open. He said, "Let me out Mr. Tree", but nothing happened. He said, "Please let me out now!" and again nothing happened. The tree didn't even creak. Mr. Coyote knocked on the tree, but it would not open up. Mr. Tree was upset with Mr. Coyote for not having said please the first time he spoke to the tree! It let him rest a little longer. 
Because the birds heard Mr. Coyote banging on the inside of the tree, they came down to peck on the tree to help get him out. But they were too small and the tree was just too big! Finally Mr. Woodpecker came down and pecked a hole in the tree. Although it was a very small hole, it caused Mr. Woodpecker to get a bent beak! This meant he couldn't peck on the tree any more. 


Absulum the Reindeer Elf
had to keep the reindeer groomed.
He had to give them all a bath.
He had to feed them too.
Cook their meals, brush their fur
and fill that barn with hay
and every morning when he woke
he would have to do it all over again. 
Absulum the Reindeer Elf
played nurse and doctor too.
He took care of all the reindeer
if they were sick or had the flu.
He fixed their sleigh, he mended their reins
and if they were sad he would wipe their tears.
He worked his fingers to the bone
but it seemed that no one cared. 
Of course the elves in Santa's Workshop
they were such a happy lot
singing songs all day long
with that jolly happy Santa Claus.
They laughed and danced from toy to toy
as if it was such fun
while outside in the reindeer barn
was the Elf named Absulum. 
Absulum the Reindeer Elf,
when he heard that happy noise,
would wish he was a Workshop Elf
making Christmas toys;
but a Workshop Elf is wise and tall
and Absulum was not
and that was why he was in that barn,
well that is what he thought. 

Grow Your Own Gargoyle 
She'd run to get the mail. "My giant super heroes are here." Wendy had opened it up, but they weren't as big as a child like in the ad. In small print were the words "not actual size." 
All the other things she had sent for didn't work right either. The dolls didn't have batteries and broke after just two days. The living rock was not alive, and all the other toys and games she bought were lying twisted and broken in a heap on her bed. 
She sat on the floor and frowned. 
"Can I come in?" her Mom, Mrs. Delane, asked. 
Wendy nodded. Mrs. Delane moved some of the junk away and sat down. She had a tiny package in her hand. "Maybe you shouldn't send for any more toys?" Mrs. Delane said, "but you have one more package." 
Wendy took the package. It said "The Living Gargoyle Co." 
"I forgot all about this," Wendy said. She opened the package and there were two very small gargoyles with pointy ears, and a small piece of paper. 


The Wumpalump
"I am", thought the Wumpalump. I am love, I am joy, I am peace. Nothing there is but me. "I am" all things... 
 And with the Wumpalump was the Word. And the Word was the Wumpalump. 
 And the Wumpalump sat and he sat and he sat. And he felt sad. "I am" all things he thought, but "I am" nothing... for no one there is to share with. 
 And the sadness the Wumpalump felt grew and grew and grew. The small sorrow became a gnawing pain, a bottomless ache, a raging hunger. And when the Wumpalump could no longer bear the terrible emptiness he felt... the Word spoke. The heavens were filled with an infinitude of little Wumpalumps. "I am" they all shouted in glee! For the first time the Wumpalump felt all love, all joy, all peace for within him these things were shared and thus multiplied. 
 And with great love the Wumpalump stretched forth his hand and with Himself painted the heavens in beautiful blues and sparkles of gold. 
 
 
 The Loomploy
 The able could care for themselves in the darkness of the land. The cold did not freeze them for they were able to work hard and make warm coats. 
 The unable were sad creatures who could not help themselves. They depended upon the able to make coats for them to keep warm. This worked out fine for the able were eager to please God who had commanded: 
"THOU SHALT MAKE COATS!!!!"
 It was said that heaven was a beautifully warm place filled with light. There, everything was perfect. In order to find a very tip top place in heaven one had only to make loads and loads of coats to keep the unables warm! Every able had his own visions of his wonderful place in heaven... just reward for his many coats. Except Tibley. 
 Tibley didn't like to make coats. He just couldn't help himself. Everyone thought secretly that maybe Tibley really was an unable but they didn't say so out loud. Once Tibley told the head loomploy about his problem, but it didn't help much. Tibley had said, "I just don't feel like making coats". The head loomploy had looked at him sternly. "You don't have to feel anything! Sometimes I feel like making coats and sometimes I don't! If I just did things when I felt like it... nothing would get done! No coats would be made and no one would get into heaven!"
 
 McFeeglebee's Pond
 Out behind the big red barn at the edge of the walnut grove is a most magnificent pond shaded by an old oak tree. I'll tell you right now, before it's too late. It belongs to McFeeglebee.And McFeeglebee absolutely forbids fishing in that pond. He's put up five signs to prove it. "Before I'll allow any little boys to fish in there," he says, "I'd rather remove it." 
"Little boys make too much noise. They'd scare the fish, being shouters and laughers and slappers. They'd muddy the water, and leave gum wrappers. No -- I'd be a fool to let them fish in my pool." 
So for a long time nobody dared to fish in that pool. That is, not until little Georgie P. Johnson decided to break the rule. "I'm gonna fish there," he said, "under the oak, where it's cool." 
"I'm gonna lie down with my knees in the air and the pole through my toes and doze like a lazy catfish in summer. Nobody will catch me. I'm a fast runner. 
Everyone warned him. "A pool is not the sea. You can't fish for free, it's stealing. Besides, there's all sorts of surprises in McFeeglebee's pond. Nobody knows just what is in there besides fish and old shoes and the things people lose. You'll catch something dangerous so you'd better beware. Fish in that pond? I wouldn't dare!" 


Who Did Patrick's Homework?
Patrick never did homework. "Too boring," he said. He played baseball and basketball and Nintendo instead. His teachers told him, "Patrick! Do your homework or you won't learn a thing." And it's true, sometimes he did feel like a ding-a-ling.
Who Did Patrick's Homework? 
But what could he do? He hated homework.
Then on St. Patrick's Day his cat was playing with a little doll and he grabbed it away. To his surprise it wasn't a doll at all, but a man of the tiniest size. He had a little wool shirt with old fashioned britches and a high tall hat much like a witch's. He yelled, "Save me! Don't give me back to that cat. I'll grant you a wish, I promise you that."
Patrick couldn't believe how lucky he was! Here was the answer to all of his problems. So he said, "Only if you do all my homework 'til the end of the semester, that's 35 days. If you do a good enough job, I could even get A's."
The little man's face wrinkled like a dishcloth thrown in the hamper. He kicked his legs and doubled his fists and he grimaced and scowled and pursed his lips, "Oh, am I cursed! But I'll do it."


It Could Happen...
 One day, overnight, the world turned violet. Just about everything turned violet from the sky and ocean and mountains to the trees and animals and people and from the tallest skyscrapers to the tiniest ant. People sat around looking at one another wondering if they were dreaming. But nobody woke up and things stayed violet, all except for a single Blue Jay who hadn't changed color and stayed the brightest blue. People were shocked. Some were afraid and some were amazed and a few thought it funny, because along with everyone else, the President was very violet. Whole families were violet as were teachers, movie stars, doctors, nurses, gas station attendants, the Queen of England, the President of Mozambique, taxi-drivers, everybody. They went from place to place in their violet cars and buses and rode violet bikes and sat on violet furniture and ate violet food. Even Hershey's candy bars had turned all violet as had Skittles and M&M's. Girls generally thought this yucky, but some boys thought it was pretty neat. The smartest scientists in the world gathered to figure it out. Was something wrong with people's eyes or was it a trick of nature? They did studies and tests and analyzed and evaluated and debated and wrote article after article, but couldn't explain it. 
And no longer could people say they felt "blue" or were "green" with envy or had a "green" thumb. 
     
     
the master artist
Contemplating this request, Monsieur l'Abbaye shook his head. "I'm ready to retire, so I'm not available for hire. I'm sorry. I simply can't paint your portrait." But seeing the disappointment in Senior Bartoli's eyes, he continued, "Well, there's a possibility if you can find it in your heart to allow me to explore the limits of my abilities. Not for money mind you, but for food and a bed instead. Furthermore, you need not even pose because my memory's excellent. Already I can see your portrait and how to derive it. But I insist, Senior Bartoli, while I work your portrait stays private -- even from you!" 
This is strange, thought the patron, but he also thought about how highly the artist had been recommended. "Of course," he said "Anything you wish, but I insist upon paying you at least something for your effort. Let's draw up a contract." Now a glint came to Monsieur l'Abbaye's eyes as he gazed upon that 20-foot wall and thought of all that space, such a wonderful place for schemes and things to give imagination wings. Because, unknown to Senior Bartoli, or anyone else for that matter, for all of his career (which was 45 years) Monsieur L'Abbaye had yearned to paint in his own way. And what way was that? Certainly not the style of Byzantine or of Proto-Renaissance. No. Monsieur Signy l'Abbaye had hungered to break free of restraints. But the guild, his craft and livelihood, would never have allowed it so he followed their rules although never proud of it. Of course he didn't reveal this to Senior Bartoli.

a tale of friendship
Years ago, even before the Indian had set foot in America, there lived a colony of beavers on the banks of a tributary of the Mattawamkeag River in upper Maine. Semi-mountainous, it was a beautiful place with willow, elm and pine trees and plants such as fern and duckweed. The banks of the tributary were dotted with meadows of wild grass created by the beavers in the cutting of trees to build their dam.
The beaver colony was neither large nor small, having three families and ten members, and like all beaver they worked very hard to dam the small river. Although the beavers took occasional breaks, usually for not more than half an hour, one beaver relished sitting at the water's edge deep in thought. He worked harder and faster just so he could sit still longer. If they kept busy with the who and what of things, he found value in the if and why of things -- for hours at a time.
One day in early spring while he was sitting on the bank deep in thought about why trees should shed their leaves in winter, he was distracted by a loud "quack-wack-wack" and "rab-rab-rab". He looked up to see four mallard ducks attacking a smaller one that limped, chasing her from the water onto the bank near him. She struggled to get a foothold, suffering numerous pecks, and he saw anguish in her eyes. It was too much for his sense of fairness. "Stop that," 

second thoughts
At high noon a large spaceship floated gently down out of a blue sky to land on the front lawn of the White House. It rested motionless for the next five hours while the White House hummed with activity. The President was evacuated and then the military moved in with troops, tanks and helicopters. Stealth fighters roared overhead. Both Congress and the United Nations called emergency sessions as a frightened world held its breath. 
     At exactly 5:00 p.m. eastern time, a small door opened in the side of the craft and a human-like creature stepped out. 
     As beings go, it wasn't that alarming. About three feet tall, it had a large head atop a small body with two spindly legs. And there were feather-like appendages growing from its head as well as from what could have been a tail if it were a bird. But it moved like a human and wore a one-piece uniform of a gold metallic material that sparkled in the sun. Walking to the nearest soldier, it stopped short, its two unnaturally large eyes blinking twice. Then in perfect English with a high-pitched voice, it said, "Take me to your esteemed leader." 
     
Sliver Pete
I've never told this story before, but just the same I'm telling you now.
I was a boy of 8 in 1885 and I lived in a small town out west with my baby sister and my folks who ran the local delivery stable. It might not have been such a bad place except for one man.
His name was Sliver Pete and we thought him the meanest, ugliest, most cussed hombre that ever packed a gun and it was well known he carried a Colt 45. He didn't much like to work, was a cowpoke a few months out of the year and the rest of the time he played and cheated at cards and killed anybody who called him on it. Then for recreation or just pure spite he killed every sheriff that ever tried to arrest him. There wasn't a soul that didn't fear Sliver Pete, even my Father.
The townspeople ended up offering a reward of $20,000 to anyone who could either run Sliver Pete out of town or put him in his grave. Mind you, that was a fortune in those days but when Sliver Pete heard there was a price on his head he just laughed and shot up the saloon and then the bakery. He said he was worth much more money than that. And when stranger after stranger came to collect the reward they came to stay because Sliver Pete put them in the town cemetery.

wind song
 was a day like the day before and the day after. The wind wrapped itself around the sod cabin in gusting moans as the pioneer family within carried out their tasks pretending not to hear. They heard the wind, however. It had been their constant companion on the open plains since their journey from Philadelphia two years before in the spring of 1865. Following the covered wagon train of ten, the wind had lifted the drab landscape into billows of dust falling on everyone and everything until there seemed but one color and one sound. 
Now Rachel sat on the bed hand-stitching a quilt while her mother hunched over a sewing machine across the room rocking her feet backwards and forwards on a foot treadle that turned the shaft that moved the needle. The thumping counter pointed the wind outside. Laughter and giggling erupted from Rachel's younger brother and sister playing jacks on the floor and it brought a smile to their sister's face, but when she glanced back at their mother she stopped smiling. The town of Wausa, Nebraska was not unlike other little towns that had sprung up to welcome the pioneers. It was a mix of old and 

shooflies
  Sti'Tumma had always wanted to have beautiful beaded "shooflies" attached to her saddle, on the breastplate and under the horse's tummy on the cinch. She had already made a couple for her favorite bridle! The shooflies were made from a small amount of horsehair being folded in half, wrapped with buckskin, and beadwork put over the buckskin. The shoofly would then be clipped onto the favorite spot selected by each rider. So when the horses had their tails cleaned, the hair was saved for Sti'Tumma who then went to work to make herself some beautiful and colorful shooflies. Sometimes Gilly, Sti'Tumma's sister, would do the beadwork on a dozen shooflies at a time for the trail guides. The shooflies would move with the horse and keep some of the flies from settling on the horse! It was a beautiful Saturday morning and time to get ready to meet the scheduled trail riders at the lake for the 20-mile ride through the beautiful countryside. Her nephew and youngest brother saddled her horse 
  
A FRACTIONATED FAIRY TALE 
Once upon a time a young girl named Katharine lived in a snug cottage not far from the castle, where her mother stitched the royal quilts.  Katharine’s mother brought home scraps of fabric for Katharine, who made beautiful miniature quilts.  Quilt-making was easy and fun for Katharine but she longed for something more challenging to put her mind to. If only I could get an education, Katharine thought, I’d be able to find my true calling. 
Every night, Katharine’s mother reported on life at the castle.  The favorite topic was the unseemly behavior of Prince Henry, just the same age as Katharine and the only child of the King and Queen.  Katharine loved listening to stories about Henry.  Most of the royal staff described Henry as “bossy” and “demanding” and “downright unpleasant.”

Why is Nita Upside Down?(23)
Nita's hanging upside down, her long hair tickling at the ground. The trees, the grass, the everything is all the wrong way round.
Her feet, they poke into the sky. Little Navi is walking by. He says, 'I've seen you here before. You're upside down again! What for?'
Navi takes her by the hand. He wants to help her understand. They climb to Navi's look-out spot. From up here they can see a lot. They perch and have a quiet stare at children playing here and there And me, I am just skin and bone. And you are you. You're not alone. Each human's sort of strange, you see. That makes you just the same, like me. This world is really one big game. To play, we can’t all be the same.
Nita feels the right way round, thanks to the new friend she’s found. Upside down was never fun. Now she plays with everyone.

Emma's crazy day
Emma gets a big, square present. Emma tears the wrapping off. 
It is a box. It is a very big box. Emma picks off tape.It is a scooter! A new scooter! A big kid scooter! Best of all, it is a pink scooter. 
Emma looks at its wheels. Emma looks at its handles. Emma gets a present. It is a little present. Emma tugs the wrapping off. 
It is stickers! 
Stickers for a scooter! Emma puts stickers all over her new scooter.
Emma takes her scooter up a hill. Emma puts on her pink helmet. No cars are driving by. 
Emma steps on. Emma grabs the handles.  Emma kicks off. A crazy, pink, scooter girl turns around a corner. 
A crazy pink scooter girl hits a bump. 
This crazy, pink, scooter girl did a jump!


Zanele Sees Numbers
Everyone tells Zanele that numbers are all around her. But no matter how hard she tries, she can’t see them. Zanele asks Gogo to help her see some numbers. Gogo points to the jars on the shelf and counts, “one, two, three, four.”Zanele asks Mom to help her see some numbers. Mom points to the carrots in the garden and counts, “one, two, three, four.”Zanele sees Linda counting the chickens, to see if they have all come back home. Zanele can’t see the numbers in the world. She goes to speak to her sister, Gugu, who is eight years old and knows everything. “If you look at anything in the right way, you can see a number in it,” says Gugu.
Gugu gives Zanele a pair of magic glasses and tells her to go look for numbers in the world.

Race Driver Callum Makes A Car
Callum is a cool racecar driver. He can speed by really fast.  
Nobody can turn as quickly as him. Nobody can zoom along the road like Callum can. 
He is the best.Callum can dodge this way and that. He is a wizard at the wheel.  
Callum races blue cars and orange cars and green cars and red cars. Whichever car Callum chooses, he wins every race. Callum wins cash and prizes. 
As a boy, he daydreamed about racing. Now it is real. Callum looks after his cars. He gives them oil and he shines them. He keeps them safe in a huge garage. 
Callum’s knack for looking after cars helps make him a good driver. Callum decides that it is time to make a car of his own. He understands a lot about cars. 


Explorer Ella’s Magic Forest
Ella looked at a map. The map showed no forest. But there was a huge forest next to Ella. 
No explorers had found this huge forest before. Ella decided that it grew by magic. 
She walked into the magic forest. At ﬁrst, Ella saw no animals in the magic forest.  
She saw trees with leaves and bark that had sparkles.  
Ella saw ﬂowers that ﬂoated. Then, Ella saw magic bugs. The bugs had wings with lights. 
The magic bugs could spell with words of light. Ella could read the words in the magic bug lights. 
The bugs told Ella to walk deeper into the magic forest. Ella saw magic birds. The magic birds sang magic songs that had no notes. The songs were made with art - the magic birds painted in the air. 
Ella could see long arrows so she followed the arrows.



Where Does Metal Come From? 
That are  made from clay That is dug from the fields
I'm knocking on metal
That comes from err ???? Cam did not know what metal came from. Digging and digging What have we found Looking for metal Deep in the ground, Pink rocks, blue rocks, Yellow rocks, Green Metal's the only thing We have not seen. Not ordinary rocks, said Uncle Bearing That is what we call Ore.
But now we have to heat up the rocks Let us go and find a
That is called a furnace, said Uncle Bearing. Inside there the rocks get much hotter than red hot, they get....
The metal is locked inside the rocks and the heat of the fire melts the metal inside the rock. When that happens the metal turns liquid and forms a pool at the bottom of the Furnace. Stand back, said Uncle Bearing, I'm going to pull the plug out from the side of the furnace and let the liquid metal come out.

THE SNOW QUEEN
In the original story, "the devil", creates a mirror that turns good to evil.
He delights in using it to distort everyone and everything; 
it makes the loveliest landscapes look like "boiled spinach.“
The mirror fails to reflect the good and beautiful aspects of people and things, but magnifies their bad and ugly aspects. 
His demons attempt to carry the mirror into heaven in order to make fools of the angels and of God, 
But the higher they lift it, the more it shakes with laughter. It slips from their grasp and falls back to earth, shattering into a billion pieces, some no larger than a grain of sand. The story begins:
Gerda was a little girl who lived with her Grandma.
Her BFF (best friend forever) lived next door.
His name was Kay Between Gerda’s house and Kay’s there was a small walkway.

the great cake contest
“I know. I can make a pancake!” shouts Lucky. He walks to Pontsho’s house to share his idea, but she already beat him to it. “Or, what if I made a carrot cake?” he wonders. He goes to tell Nini his plan, but she “What about baking a black forest cake?” He rushes to tell Kima what he’s come up with, but he’s too late. On the way to Nthabi’s house, he thinks: “Let me just make a  Christmas cake!” But Nthabi already  made that happen.
“What other cake  can I bake?”  he asks himself. 
 “How about a chocolate mousse cake?” He arrives at Linda’s house but oh no! He was too slow. Lucky gets an idea.  “I will make a roly-poly cake.” He gets to Zola’s house but she’s way ahead of him. Lucky feels sad when he gets home because he is out of ideas. He asks his family to help him think about what great cake he can bake. Mama, Papa and his big sister Musa all put their heads together to help him enter the Great Cake Contest. The cake is so big, so wide, so tall ... ... that it begins to wobble, wobble, wobble and fall! Oh no! Everyone at the Great Cake Contest is covered in cake. 
Where are the judges? 
Where are the contestants? The judges munch and chomp their way out and everyone agrees: Lucky is the winner of the Great Cake Contest!
Where is Lucky?